wifi: Improve operation with constrained host (#12695)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf70/developing/constrained.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

This guide provides recommendations and guidelines for using the nRF70 series as a companion chip on resource-constrained hosts such as the nRF5340 SoC.

Networking Stack combinations
*****************************

> The table below indicates the support of various classes of Wi-Fi networking applications (denoted by the corresponding protocol stack capabilities) running on the different nRF host MCUs combined with the nRF70 Series companion IC. The table should help users identify and select the appropriate host MCU depending on the IoT use-case

Reviewer: Sorry @krish2718 my bad - the text I proposed earlier was, obviously, for the second table introduced here.

My proposal for this intro text, here is as follows:

"The table below lists the required protocol stack combinations for various  classes of Wi-Fi internetworking applications."

> The table below indicates the support of various classes of Wi-Fi networking applications (denoted by the corresponding protocol stack capabilities) running on the different nRF host MCUs combined with the nRF70 Series companion IC. The table should help users identify and select the appropriate host MCU depending on the IoT use-case
> of interest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table indicates the support of various classes of Wi-Fi networking applications (denoted by the corresponding protocol stack capabilities) running on the different nRF host MCUs combined with the nRF70 Series companion IC.
You can identify and select the appropriate host MCU depending on the IoT use case of interest.
```

.. csv-table:: Supported networking stack combinations
   :file: stack_combo.csv
   :header-rows: 1

> SoC support

Reviewer: Host SoC support

***********

> The below table indicates the SoC's supported based on the use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table indicates the SoC's support based on the use case.
```

> The below table indicates the SoC's supported based on the use case.

Reviewer: Here goes the proposal I had submitted earlier.

.. csv-table:: SoC's support
   :file: soc_combo.csv
   :header-rows: 1

> Note: * indicates that the SoC is supported but the use case is not recommended due to performance or memory constraints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::
   The asterisk * indicates that the SoC is supported, but the use case is not recommended due to performance or memory constraints.
```

This guide provides recommendations and guidelines for using the nRF7002 as a companion chip on resource-constrained hosts such as the nRF5340 SoC.

Stack combinations
******************

> The below table indicates the supported stack combinations for the nRF7002 chip. This should help understand the various use cases that are supported by the nRF7002 chip.

Reviewer: Same comments as above, regarding "stacks", and "nRF7002".
Then, I would add a bit more context here, to indicate exactly the purpose of this part of the guide. The table is not about the nRF70 Series - it is about the supporting hosts.

Suggestion
"The table below indicates the support of various classes of Wi-Fi networking applications (denoted by the corresponding protocol stack capabilities)  running on the different nRF host MCUs combined with the nRF70 Series companion IC. The table should help users identify and select the appropriate host MCU depending on the IoT use-case
of interest."

=============

The nRF5340 host has two operating frequencies, 64 MHz and 128 MHz, default frequency is 64 MHz.

> For low power applications, it is recommended to use 64 MHz as the CPU frequency but the nRF70 series Wi-Fi performance might be impacted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For low power applications, it is recommended to use 64 MHz as the CPU frequency, but the Wi-Fi performance of the nRF70 Series device might be impacted.
```

For high performance applications, it is recommended to use 128 MHz as the CPU frequency.

.. _constrained_host_networking_stack:

Networking stack
================

> The nRF70 series driver uses the Zephyr networking stack for Wi-Fi protocol implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The nRF70 Series driver uses the Zephyr networking stack for Wi-Fi protocol implementation.
```

You can configure the networking stack to use different networking buffers and queue depths.

> The nRF70 series driver can be configured to use different numbers of TX buffers and RX buffers based on the use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The nRF70 Series driver can be configured to use different numbers of TX buffers and RX buffers based on the use case.
```

       If the application does not need to receive large frames, then this can be reduced to save memory.

The configuration options must be used in conjunction with the Zephyr networking stack configuration options to achieve the desired performance and memory usage.

> These options form a staged pipeline all the way to the nRF70 series chip, any change in one stage of the pipeline will impact the performance and memory usage of the next stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These options form a staged pipeline all the way to the nRF70 Series chip, any change in one stage of the pipeline will impact the performance and memory usage of the next stage.
```

   (CONFIG_NRF700X_TX_MAX_DATA_SIZE + 52 ) * CONFIG_NRF700X_MAX_TX_TOKENS * CONFIG_NRF700X_MAX_TX_AGGREGATION +
   CONFIG_NRF700X_RX_MAX_DATA_SIZE * CONFIG_NRF700X_RX_NUM_BUFS

> There is a build time check to ensure that the total packet memory size does not exceed the available packet memory size in the nRF70 series chip.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a build time check to ensure that the total packet memory size does not exceed the available packet memory size in the nRF70 Series chip.
```

.. note::

>    The ``52`` bytes in the above equations are the overhead bytes required by the nRF70 series chip to store the headers and footers of the Wi-Fi protocol frames.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The ``52`` bytes in the above equations are the overhead bytes required by the nRF70 Series chip to store the headers and footers of the Wi-Fi protocol frames.
```

       ``UDP-RX: 12.7 Mbps``

.. note::

>    The measured throughputs, as shown in the table above, are based on tests conducted using the nRF7002DK. The results represent the best throughput, averaged over three iterations, and were obtained with a good RSSI signal in a clean environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The measured throughputs, as shown in the table above, are based on tests conducted using the nRF7002 DK.
   The results represent the best throughput, averaged over three iterations, and were obtained with a good RSSI signal in a clean environment.
```

>    The above configuration values can be passed using standard ways such as CMake arguments to west build (`Zephyr One Time Arguments`_ or `Zephyr Permanent Arguments`_), or by adding them in an :file:`overlay` file and passing to west build as CMake argument ``EXTRA_CONF_FILE``. See `Zephyr Application Configuration`_ for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The above configuration values can be passed using standard ways such as CMake arguments to west build (`Zephyr One Time Arguments`_ or `Zephyr Permanent Arguments`_), or by adding them in an :file:`overlay` file and passing to west build as CMake argument ``EXTRA_CONF_FILE``.
   See `Zephyr Application Configuration`_ for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: I guess this one is missed.

Author: I did this, but lost in rebase, its fixed now.

       ``UDP-RX: 12.7 Mbps``

.. note::

>    The measured throughputs, as shown in the table above, are based on tests conducted using the nRF7002DK.

Reviewer 2: We write DK with a space.
```suggestion
   The measured throughputs, as shown in the table above, are based on tests conducted using the nRF7002 DK.
```

Author: Well, this was based on a previous comment of yours :).

Author: Sorry, no, you suggested space earlier too.
